[Music]
now I'm going to teach how to make a
sunflower in a cupcake for it
we need the mouthpiece 67 and warn them
that when I buy it is the mouthpiece 67
it comes closed it's worth then and for a long
that you try to be the cream is going to
leave the petal well you have to open it
well putting a knife or well
putting a spatula so that it opens
a little part of the tip we are going to
work on a cupcake as we have
said and in the center we will place
something brown
we are going to put a coin of
chocolate but you can also use
a mini oreo that is very funny we
we focus well and start working
the first layer
we're going to do very very tiny him
we put
that's right, and we're making little sheets
around
of sunflower
the beautiful thing is that it stays inside that
hairline that is going to give it a very
authentic
we are turning it
if you can find a support on the finger
it's much better because if you support yourself like this
We will tremble push the cupcake
we go spinning even though we start
working very perpendicular in a
45 degree angle almost then we're going to
go taking us so that he
the fallen of the leaf goes varying
and pushing and going and every time I go
making the largest leaves
and now the third round I'm going to
push a lot more
I'm always pulling up so that
then I have the option to get under
from that same sheet
if we worked down, they would not give us
that option
and now let's do another round more
[Music]
It looks very nice if we put it in the
center a fondant ladybug because
the contrast of red and yellow then
It is very funny
and it is done very quickly
and they are very resultón is in a table
birthday
[Music]
with a snack
seems much more elaborate what
they are really going to do the last
turn so you can not see what you see
still a little the cupcake and the last
back so we have to tilt
much the sleeve and push so that it does not
see the cupcake
[Music]
we have almost done our cupcake
sunflower
and it's finished
[Music]